docs(k8s) Update deployment options for 2.1.x (#2283)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/enterprise/2.1.x/kong-for-kubernetes/deployment-options.md

title: Kong for Kubernetes deployment options
skip_read_time: true
---

## Deployment options

Kong for Kubernetes consists of a controller, which translates Kubernetes
resources into Kong configuration, and a proxy, which uses that configuration
to route and control traffic.

As of 2.1.x, [Kong for Kubernetes with Kong Enterprise][k4k8s-with-enterprise-install]
(the [kong-enterprise-edition][enterprise-bintray] proxy image) supports DB-less
operation and is recommended for all deployments.

_These repositories require a login. If you see a 404, log in through the [Kong
repository home page](https://bintray.com/kong) first._

### Migrating to 2.1.x

> Existing users of the `kong-enterprise-k8s` image wishing to use 2.1.x should

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Existing users of the `kong-enterprise-k8s` image who want to use 2.1.x should
```
